[DOCS] Edit JVM settings info. Closes #72259 (#72350)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/setup/jvm-options.asciidoc

[[jvm-options]]
==== Setting JVM options

{es} includes default JVM options that work well for most production environments.
If needed, you can override these default options by adding custom JVM options
files (preferred) or setting the `ES_JAVA_OPTS` environment variable.

JVM options files must have the suffix '.options' and contain a line-delimited
list of JVM arguments. JVM options files are processed in lexicographic order.

Where you put the JVM options files depends on the type of installation:

* tar.gz or .zip: Add custom JVM options files to `config/jvm.options.d/`.
* Debian or RPM: Add custom JVM options files to `/etc/elasticsearch/jvm.options.d/`.
* Docker: Bind mount custom JVM options files into
`/usr/share/elasticsearch/config/jvm.options.d/`.

> NOTE: Always add custom JVM options files instead of modifying the root
> `jvm.options` file.

Reviewer: We can be more direct here.
```suggestion
NOTE: Do not modify the root `jvm.options` file. Use JVM options files instead.
```

[[jvm-options-syntax]]
===== JVM options syntax

A JVM options file contains a line-delimited list of JVM arguments.
Arguments are preceded by a dash (`-`).
To apply the setting to specific versions, prepend the version

> or a range of versions followed by a colon.

Author: I think it makes sense to describe the general pattern before the specific examples.

> * Apply setting to all versions. For example:

Author: I tweaked it slightly differently to reduce the repetition.

+
[source,text]
-------------------------------------
-Xmx2g
-------------------------------------

* Apply setting to a specific version by prepending the version number
followed by a colon. For example:
+
[source,text]
-------------------------------------
8:-Xmx2g
-------------------------------------

* Apply setting to a range of versions by prepending the range of versions
followed by a colon. For example:
+
[source,text]
-------------------------------------
8-9:-Xmx2g
-------------------------------------
+
To apply to all versions greater than or equal to a specific version,
omit the upper bound of the range. For example:
+
[source,text]
-------------------------------------
8-:-Xmx2g
-------------------------------------

Blank lines are ignored. Lines beginning with `#` are treated as comments
and ignored. Lines that aren't commented out and aren't recognized

> as JVM arguments are rejected.

Author: This was deliberate to put the focus on the contents of the config file. I added that unrecognized args result in an error/failure to start.

[[jvm-options-env]]
===== Using environment variables to set JVM options

> In production, you should use JVM options files if you need to override the
> default settings. However, you can also set the JVM options through the
>  `ES_JAVA_OPTS` environment variable, which can be useful for development and
>  testing. For example:

Reviewer: I'd make these sentences mirror each other a bit more.
```suggestion
In production, you should use JVM options files if to override default JVM
settings. In testing and development environments, you can also set the JVM
options through the `ES_JAVA_OPTS` environment variable.
```

[source,sh]
---------------------------------
export ES_JAVA_OPTS="$ES_JAVA_OPTS -Djava.io.tmpdir=/path/to/temp/dir"
./bin/elasticsearch
---------------------------------

If you're using the RPM or Debian packages, you can also specify
`ES_JAVA_OPTS` in the <<sysconfig,system configuration file>>.

> NOTE: {es} ignores the `JAVA_TOOL_OPTIONS` and `JAVA_OPTS` environment variables.
> You must configure custom JVM options files or the `ES_JAVA_OPTS`
> environment variable to override the default JVM options.

Reviewer: I don't think the last sentence is needed. We state this earlier.
```suggestion
NOTE: {es} ignores the `JAVA_TOOL_OPTIONS` and `JAVA_OPTS` environment variables.
```
